>> Scott moss: Now we
wanna make the tool for
our agent to take advantage of the query.
Right now, the agent can't just
use this queryMovies function,
we have to make a tool.
We know that, we made tools before.
If you haven't,
you're about to make your first tool.
So what do we do?
We go into the tools folder.
We make a New File,
we're gonna call this movieSearch.
Actually, I already have it,
it's just blank, kidding.
So a tool is just two things.
We need to export a definition,
and we need to export a function.
>> Scott moss: So let's do that.
So first, I'm gonna import this
type () from '../../types'.
>> Scott moss: Okay,
it's gonna be called ToolFn.
And then, what else do we need?
We need, yeah, zod and
then the actual query.
So I'm gonna import  from 'zod'.
And then the queryMovies, there we go.
Export const
movieSearchToolDefinition,
Which is gonna be
an object that has a name.
>> Scott moss: I'm gonna
call this movieSearch,
you can call it whatever you want.
I'm gonna have parameters.
>> Scott moss: And
they're always gonna be an object.
Pretty much you have
to put an object here,
you can't do anything
that's not an object.
And these parameters
is gonna be the query,
which is gonna be a string,
and we'll add a describe here.
So what is this string?
A 'query used for
vector search on movies'.
And I don't know, we might have to
workshop this with an eval to see if this
is good or not, but
that's what we're gonna do.
We will also take the filters here, so
in this case I might say genre director.
We're gonna skip that for now,
I think it's gonna get too crazy if
you start doing that, in my opinion.
And then a description of this tool,
which is also a string.
So what is this tool?
Use this tool.
So typically I'll do something
like 'use this tool', or
'this tool retunes' or
something like that.
So I'll just say 'use this
tool to find movies or
answer questions about movies and
their metada like score, ratin,
costs, director, actors, and
more', something like that.
You can do whatever you want.
>> Scott moss: I'm pretty sure I
did something different in here.
Yeah, searches for movies, yeah,
exactly some way different.
>> Scott moss: And I'm gonna make
my argument type using this cool
little hack from zog, so we got that.
And then last time we need to
just export our actual tool.
So I'll say const movieSearch,
it's gonna be a ToolFn at
takes in the <Args> here,
= async () => {, like that.
It's always gonna have
the original user message,
and it's gonna have the toolArgs,
which is where the query will be,
so we got that.
And now it's, essentially,
what we wanna do,
we don't have to worry about
the filters in this case.
Is we just want to query the movies,
pass in the query and
format the results in a way
that we want the AI to see it.
And then stringify and
give it back to the AI, that's it.
So, again, it all depends on how you
do this, is how the AI is gonna see and
how it's gonna interpret it.
So let's do this.
So one thing we're also gonna do
that I'm sliding in super quick,
is I'm gonna put this in a try catch,
because if this breaks, well,
first I wanna log it, I wanna know.
>> Scott moss: I don't
want my agent to die.
And because this broke,
I don't want the code to break.
So I'm gonna catch it, but then I'm gonna
tell the AI, hey, there was an error.
And I'm gonna say,
Could not query the db to get movies.
So now the AI knows that,
it tried to do it, but it broke and
it might respond in a way to the user.
And then you can have something in
a system problem that says, hey,
if you see an error, say this to the user,
and then it'll say that.
Whereas if this just broke,
what's the user experience like?
It's just dies, they don't get anything.
So this is a graceful fail, or letting
the AI know that something bad happened.
>> Scott moss: So we got that,
so I'm gonna say results
= await,
>> Scott moss: QueryMovies (),
just gonna pass in
the (toolArgs.queryMovies) like that,
this thing's freaking out cuz,
it's an object.
>> Scott moss: There we go,
we'll get back our results here,
>> Scott moss: And then with the results,
yeah, I mean, you can kinda do whatever
you want here, how you wanna format them.
I think the way I did it here was I just
didn't want the metadata field on it,
I thought that was redundant.
So I got rid of the metadata
field on every single result.
But there's probably
a better way to do this.
So basically I'm just gonna return.
Actually, I'll just say-
>> Speaker 2: Put metadata over
the return object and
then add the other one?
>> Scott moss: Yeah, exactly.
So results.map, get the movie, I guess,
or let's just say result => { like this.
And then I can say result,
get the metadata, get the data.
And then I can just return
a new object with the,
what did I call the data one here?
I called it a description,
so I'll say description.
Actually, I'll do that one last,
I'll just say metadata, and
then description: data.
>> Scott moss: But again,
there's no wrong answer.
You could just literally stringify these
results and be done, that's fine too.
I'm just trying to pass, anything that is
not relevant, I don't wanna give the AI,
cuz then it's too much noise.
So that metadata field is so irrelevant, I
don't wanna even know that that's a thing,
so I just got rid of it.
And then you always have
to return to string,
so JSON.stringify(formattedResults),
I'll do null 2, so it's just formatted.
Okay, now we have that.
What we need to do now is
add this to our tools array.
So inside of our tools Index.ts
file we're gonna import that tool
>> Scott moss: From the '.movieSearch',
the definition, not the function.
Add that to our tool array.
>> Scott moss: And then lastly, we need to
go into our tool runner that's responsible
for actually executing the tool,
and we need to add it here.
So I'm gonna import () from
'./tools/movieSearch.
And I wanna get the movieSearch, and
then the movieSearchToolDefinition.
And then down here I can just
say in the switch statement,
case movieSearchToolDefinition.name.
Then I want to return
calling movieSearch(input).
>> Scott moss: So
now our AI knows about the tool.
Our tool runner can call the tool.
It should work,
[LAUGH] let's see what happens, as always.
So first what I'm gonna do is
I'm gonna clear my chat history.
I could do that by going to db.json and
pretty much just blowing this out.
We'll get into summaries later.
I'm gonna same "messages": [], is that.
And, wait,
do I need to put "summary" here?
I might have to put one here, let me see.
I'll just do it, just in case.
So "messages", "summary", empty.
Yours might already be empty, might not
be, and then now I can say, npm start.
Let's just make sure this still works.
Okay, looks like something died,
so string, but got an object.
Did I put an object for
a description somewhere?
Let's see, movieSearch.
Yeah, I don't know why I did that.
It's just a string here getting caught up.
Yeah, that's just a string, not an object.
>> Scott moss: Gotta
love good error messages.
[LAUGH] So yeah, make sure you put
a string here on the definition,
not a zod string.
That's only for the parameters.
Okay, let's run that again.
Now I think, no,
I actually do think this is messed up.
Yeah, let me get rid of this.
Yeah, okay, try that again.
Hi, cool, it didn't break.
So let's try to search for a movie.
"Find me a scary movie about ghosts".
MovieSearch, done.
It said it did it already,
that was really quick, let's see.
Wow, that was really quick.
So yeah, I found Annabelle dead awake.
So yeah, pretty good.
We can go look at the output
to see what it got back.
So you can see here, this is what it
got back from the vector database.
It literally got back those movies,
>> Scott moss: And
it just stored them in here,
and then it answered.
So pretty damn good, I would say.
Obviously you have to test it and make
sure it's doing what you expect it to do,
whatever the objective of your LLM is.
Is your LLM meant to be a replacement for
a search bar on some Netflix-like app.
So you would wanna prioritize
searching capabilities.
Is your LLM more about fact answering,
about answering questions,
factual, answers about movies and
less about finding them?
So you would wanna eval towards that.
So it really just depends
on what your system is.
So this Arg is just
a generic implementation,
which is why I took away the filter,
cuz that's going towards more of like
searching and finding a thing and
less about answering your question.
>> Speaker 2: So how would you change
your approach to evaling this?
>> Scott moss: Evaling RAG is way
different because you have to
have different metrics for
different parts.
So you would have multiple scores for
multiple things.
So just for the retrieval part
you would want to set up a metric
that scores how well your retrieval
logic is finding the right documents.
So you have to have a score for that.
And it's kind of the one that showed in
RAGus that did the precision context one.
Either have a score that checked
the output of the AI to make sure,
if given the right context and
asked a certain question,
that the answer was actually factual.
So you wanna score that, right?
You also wanna score whether or
not it picked the movie tool,
like we've been doing.
Those are probably just
three I can think of.
There's probably ten other
ones you probably would wanna-
>> Speaker 2: So you can break it down to
its component parts.
>> Scott moss: Yeah, exactly.
So, yep, there's a lot to do there.
Let's do something cool.
Let's say, "ok,
now make a movie poster
for", which one,
Annabelle, Insidious?
Let's do Insidious.
>> Scott moss: It's gonna
make a movie poster.
I don't need the approval
works on this branch,
so that's why, even though it says, do you
wanna generate image, is still doing it.
We haven't gotten there yet, so
let's see, still gonna do it, I think.
Yep, it did it.
[LAUGH] Let's see what it makes.
Here's a chilling movie poster for
Insidious.
That's actually really good.
Okay, good job Dolly.
Dolly's like, yeah, I'm here, I'm back.
>> Speaker 2: Which upstash plan do you
recommend if we use this in production,
a fixed or pay-as-you-go?
>> Scott moss: I would just go
pay-as-you-go until you hit the limits,
cuz I think the pay-as-you-go
also has daily limits still.
So once you get past those daily limits on
pay-as-you-go, then you need to do fixed.
>> Speaker 2: And in production,
do you recommend using a database for
evals, or
is this method of storing on a JSON file?
>> Scott moss: That's really good,
I don't think you would do either.
I don't think you would store it in
a database or putting it in a file,
I think you would have some third-party
platform to help you do this.
Because even if you put your data in
a database, you still have to build
an entire pipeline, an application
to do anything with that data, and
that is a whole startup on its own.
So unless you work at a team with
thousands of engineers twirling
their thumbs and they need stuff to do,
I probably wouldn't waste time trying to
build some evaluation framework
that could do all that.
I would just use some third party-tool.
Some of them are free that you can
self-host and are open source.
A lot of them are paid,
but I would still use something
that was a complete solution.
>> Speaker 2: Regarding namespaces,
do they affect the query result or
just classify it?
>> Scott moss: Do they
affect the query result?
Yeah, so the namespace has methods on it,
right, so, where do we do that?
>> Scott moss: So first is on ingest.
I'm up starting on an index that's global,
but
I could also upsert on a namespace,
and it's the same thing.
So you can do a namespace for
an upsert or query, it's up to you.
So yeah, if you have users always create
a namespace, I just use their user ID and
I upsert with that namespace,
and I query with that namespace.
And the alternative is
that you would go here and
you would go here without a namespace.
You put userId and then it would be this.
And then every time you query
you would filter by this userId.
So it's up to you how you wanna do it.
I don't think there's a limit on
namespaces, at least in upstash.
And then if you're on the dashboard,
if you wanna see different namespaces,
it would be here.
So as defaults, I don't have any, but
if you had some, they would be here and
you could search for them.